Animals give off carbon dioxide which plants need to make food and take in oxygen which they need to breathe.
An example of the many animal species on the Earth.
Heat is one of the forms of energy.
The sun light is what helps these plants grow.
Humans can use both ground and surface water.
Plants put down roots into the soil which are capable of carrying water from the soil up into the plant.
During energy transformations, potential energy is often transformed to kinetic energy and back again to potential energy.
Sound energy is converted into chemical energy.
Has to be a Change or Transfer of Energy       We keep saying it.
Radiant energy is commonly called light energy.
Plants produce their own food in order to survive and grow.
plants need air, water, nutrients, and light.
Humans, animals and plants reproduce their own kind.
Object moved Object moved to here.
Plants create their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
In.3:Recognize that plants (producers) use energy from the Sun to make their food and animals (consumers) eat plants or other animals for their food.
Energy is energy caused by chemical reactions.
Because the amount of water in the soil changes, the water table rises and falls.
Chlorophyll can make food the plant can use from carbon dioxide, water, nutrients, and energy from sunlight.
The part of green plants that makes food is called the chloroplasts.
Running water does not freeze as easily as water that is not moving.
Many are found in nature and help protect plants and animals from animals that try to eat them.
Cloning is the production of one or more individual plants or animals that are genetically identical to another plant or animal.
The sun can give plants energy to make food for animals like deer to eat and we kill the dear to eat for energy.
Other types of energy may also be converted into mechanical energy.
Each plant should be slightly different from the others.
So does electromagnetic energy.
Mechanical energy is energy that comes from any mechanical system.
Some aquatic plants are used by humans as a food source.
People and animals get their food by eating it.
