The energy which is moving from one system to another is known as heat.
A generator is used to convert mechanical energy to electrical energy.
Energy can be transferred as heat, and energy can be transferred as work.
Plants need air, water, space to grow, and energy from the sun to make a simple sugar.
When the time is right, the plant disperses the seed and it gets planted.
Evaporation is the process of changing liquid water into water vapor (a gas).
Plants require sunlight to perform photosynthesis, in which the plant produces sugars it uses for energy to grow.
An example of gravitational energy is water flowing down a waterfall.
The change in the wheel’s kinetic energy is .
Water changing state, moving between solid ice, liquid water, and gaseous water vapor, is always a physical change.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
Plants excrete by giving us oxygen.
All animals and most plants depend on both other organisms and their environment to meet their basic needs.
Energy exists in different forms, all of which can be classified as either potential energy or kinetic energy.
No, not at all, no metals absorb water since they do not need any water for any purpose.
Animals depend on plants for carbon dioxide through photosynthesis.
The type of food plants make in their leaves is called carbohydrate.
A good example is the plants need animals to spread their seedlings.
Animals and plants are both categories, or kingdoms, of living organisms.
Any kind of energy can be transformed into any other kind of energy.
Net energy is an ultimate constraint An energy supply system showing the energy costs of obtaining energy from the environment.
Cows and other animals eat the energy stored in the grass or grain and convert that energy into stored energy in their bodies.
Condensation is the process of water changing from a vapor to a liquid.
Electrical energy may be easily changed into other forms of energy to suit our particular needs.
All organisms cause changes in the environment in which they live.
The roots help a plant by absorbing water and dissolved nutrients.
Kinetic energy is energy related to movement.
Potential energy is not stored energy.
Energy generated due to the motion of a moving body is kinetic energy.
Plants need sunlight, water, and soil to grow or to produce anything.
