Plants need light in order to survive.
A plant used to provide a low-growing carpet between other plants.
Plants need food and water , and they breathe carbon dioxide, and give out oxygen.
The phone on the other end changes the electrical energy into sound energy.
Water is the most important chemical of life for all living organisms on earth.
Wonder was about how much water the body needs to survive.
Quite often, potential energy changes to kinetic energy.
Food derived from plants Foods that come straight from a tree or plant will help you maintain energy levels.
Energy not used for growth or reproduction is lost through plant respiration.
Potential energy is stored energy--energy ready to go.
Talk about an animal's need for shelter and fresh food and water.
Roots in the Soil Most plants absorb water through their roots.
Parasite: an organism that lives on or in a plant or animal of a different kind.
Thus, the heat energy is converted into mechanical energy.
Energy</b><br />Potential energy is the same as stored energy.
The chloroplasts in a plant cell make glucose from carbon dioxide and water using the energy of sunlight.
Electrical energy transforms into mechanical energy.
All green plants use a special process called photosynthesis to make food that they use to grow.
All living organisms need water to survive, because they have cells.
Plants use the food they make to fuel their own growth and activities.
Much of the oxygen animals and humans require is made by green plants.
Plants use energy from sunlight to convert the carbon dioxide into food or materials to grow.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants and meat.
For anything to happen, energy has to move or flow or change.
Chemical energy is being converted into thermal energy.
another is the energy content or wind energy of a wind.
Some water plants produce seeds with air-filled floats.
Speed and Kinetic Energy All moving objects have kinetic energy.
The energy of an object in motion is known as kinetic energy.
According to the law of conservation of energy, mechanical energy can be changed to heat energy.
