Water flows between groundwaters and surface waters.
Aquatic plants fully adapted for a life in water can only grow in water or in soil that is saturated with water.
As plants absorb water from the soil, the water moves from the roots through the stems to the leaves.
There are other stores of energy within the body.
David learns why plants are green and how water is transported in plants.
Not all plants need pollen from another plant to grow seeds or fruit.
In such plants, the leaves of the juvenile plant are different in shape from those in mature plants.
The water comes from the air.
All animals need air, water, food,and  Sunlight to live.
Water: some plants seeds are waterproof and are able to float, so the seed falls from the plant to the water and the seed fertilizes with another plant.
Water drawn from the root and carbon dioxide taken from the air make most of the food that plants use to grow.
Water moves because the overall water potential in the soil is higher than the water potential in the roots and plant parts.
Instead of moving water, waves are moving energy that was transferred from the wind to the water.
All plants are photoautotrophs, including some plants that cannot get enough sunlight and have to get their energy through parasitism.
Students will explain that plants make their own food using carbon dioxide, water, and energy from the Sun.
Often, a plant will begin a food chain because it can make its own food.
Domestication is the process of changing plants or animals to make them more useful to humans.
the materials necessary for plants to make food.
Climate change also alters the life cycles of plants and animals.
The roots transport water and nutrients to all parts of the plant, they do not produce food.
There are two ways to reduce the amount of energy used for washing clothes—use less water and use cooler water.
Electrical energy also can be transformed into another form of energy.
Plants get their nutrients through the soil.
Cactuses do need some water to survive, but can get along with a lot less than most plants.
From plants to animals and humans, organisms live different existences.
Animal eats the fruit produced by the plant.
The water has energy, that is, kinetic energy, so, it has the ability to do work.
The main energy forms are: radiant (light) energy chemical energy mechanical energy nuclear energy electrical energy heat (thermal) energy energy of sound Energy type is different than energy form.
And the plant is not dependent on rainfall to get water for survival.
Water existing as a gas is called water vapor.
