The sky can be full of water.
Most animals eat solid foods, but plants use water and air to make food in their own factories.
Energy stored in the plant moves into the herbivore when it eats the plant.
A form of energy Light is a form of energy.
Water helps a plant by transporting important nutrients through the plant.
Then there is a temptation to use the water sparingly, because getting water takes time and energy.
The energy given off by the sun increases the energy (Heat) of the water.
Oxygen must be taken in by every living cell in all plants and animals.
animals eat plants, animals poop and fertilize plants.
Most plants are able to make their own food whenever they need it.
Animals usually require food from eating other animals or plants.
Plants get the water needed for photosynthesis from their roots.
Plants and animals also depend on each other for their survival.
The two forms of energy are kinetic energy and potential energy.
The chemical energy in food changes in your body giving you the stored energy to move(mechanical energy).
and Water the plants if the soil is dry.
Oxygen is needed by most living things to change food into energy.
Organisms and environments All animals depend on plants.
Most animal feed is from plants, but some is of animal origin.
Animals and Plants and Their Environment Explore how plants manufacture food by utilizing air, water, and energy from the sun.
All living things need water because if a plant has no water it's roots will die or get dry and the plant will not grow.
Using energy from the sun, the plant converts this sugar into usable energy within the plant.
Plants which grow beside water often rely on water to transport their seeds for them.
All living things are called organisms, both plants and animals are living organisms.
Heat is energy on the move.
Then there is mechanical energy and sound energy also.
Unlike human beings and animals, plants make their food without moving anywhere.
The plant can then use this sugar as an energy source.
The plants will cross-pollinate with each other and the characteristic of each plant will affect the other.
Environment: the surroundings of a plant or animal.
