HOWEVER, plants also take in carbon dioxide and use it combined with light energy in photosynthesis.
yea all living things need water to survive.
Man and other animals use seeds for much of their food supply.
Forces give energy to the object it is acting on.
Plants need nitrogen to survive.
Water is one of the substances needed for photosynthesis and must be pumped from the roots of the plant.
Energy can be found in a number of different forms.
The transfer of energy from one object to another varies as the type of energy being transferred.
Plants can produce oxygen.
Bromeliads plant can hold gallons of water for itself and it also takes the water for the insects and creatures which can live inside this plant.
Many plants produce seeds.
Plants are unique in that they make most of their food through a process called photosynthesis.
Even though plants are not growing very fast during short days, they may be using plenty of water.
After the photosynthesis happens, then the cells in the plant use cellular respiration to turn this food into energy that the plant can actually use.
electromagnetic energy Electromagnetic energy is energy from light or electromagnetic waves.
Even though energy can change form, it must still follow the law of conservation of energy.
The process with which the plants prepare their own food and survive is called photosynthesis.
Water is the second factor necessary for animals to survive.
When water is heated, the molecules move more faster because of the energy.
Soil provides minerals for plants, retains water so that plants can have enough time to absorb it, and helps to anchor plants.
All animals depend on some organism to survive.
Plants respire exactly the same way that animals do.
In a way, this has to do with energy use, because a certain level of energy must be kept within the body at all times.
potential energy can be converted into kinetic energy .
May have plant,fungus, or animal characteristics.
Since the plant is making its own food, it is referred to as an autotroph.
Biology of Plants: Plants and Life on Earth Plants make food P lants are the only O ne of the materials that plants produce as they make food is oxygen gas.
However animals are entirely different.
Plants and Photosynthesis Plants, including aquatic plants, produce oxygen, and they also use oxygen.
The gills filter out the water and the oxygen, and give the oxygen to the fish and put the water back with the rest of the water.
