electrical energy Electrical energy is energy newly derived from electrical potential energy.
Animals and plants are adapted to the conditions of the habitats in which they live.
Water molecules contained in the same body of water, such as an ocean, do not have the same level of energy.
Semantic Tags:Energy conversion Energy transformation or energy conversion is the process of changing one form of energy to another.
Transformation occurs if energy changes from one form to another .
Plants grow with the aid of light.
By mid-aftenoon, water loss from the plant will create water stress in the plant tissues that you would like to use for cutting material.
In the chloroplasts, energy from sunlight is used to convert water and carbon dioxide into glucose or food for plants.
Heat energy is also a type of radiant energy.
Plants depend on the sun.
All types of energy can be transformed into other types of energy.
The object does not move.
In some plant species, the stem stores energy or food for future use.
Energy of motion is the energy an object possesses due to its motion, which is also called kinetic energy.
Almost all plants use photosynthesis, even some without chlorophyll.
a battery changes chemical energy directly to electrical energy.
Most of Earth's water is found in the liquid state.
Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their own food using carbon dioxide, water and sunlight.
The animal may never be able to use that leg again.
Heat energy is energy that is pushed into motion by using heat.
All plants need light in order to survive.
Water drops on the outside of a cold glass of water are condensed water.
An adaptation is like if an animal moves it needs to find food.
Plants are the only organisms in the natural world that make their own food.
Plant cells have several organelles not found in animal cells.
The top of the surface where ground water occurs is called the water table.
Water contains essential nutrients that can help plants grow.
Living in water, plants are able to collect CO2, water and other nutrients straight from the surrounding water.
Kinetic energy is the energy that an object or mass has due to being in motion.
Animals need food, oxygen, water, and a space to live.
