The most useful type of energy is potential energy.
Sunlight is the ultimate source of energy for a plant.
Light energy is a form of energy that is associated with visible light.
Plants and animals closely resemble their parents.
Electrical energy is a secondary source of energy.
Green plants are the only living thing on earth that are capable of converting the sun’s energy into food.
of solar energy.
Surface waters are very important.
Water to drink, water to bath, water to irrigate plants and crops, water for days when it simply will not rain.
of woody plants.
Plants are able to absorb their nutrients whereas animals must first find it and then consume it.
Plants are the link between the sun’s energy and people.
Most of the chlorophyll in a plant is found in its leaves.
Plants will drink water through capillary action.
As the roots of a young plant spread, they absorb the water and minerals that the plant needs to grow.
Work is a dynamic energy, a transfer of energy from one system to another.
Some animals have claws, while some animals may have horns.
While all plants absorb water to a certain degree, particular plants are known for their ability to live with greater amounts of water than others.
During photosynthesis,plants trap light energy with their leaves.
While plants use the evaporation of water to moisten dry leaves.
In most plants, leaves are the major site of food production for the plant.
Other animals eat different kinds of food as the seasons change.
Food processing Water can be used to cook foods such as noodles.
Only land animals need air to live.
Life on Earth depends on ground water just as it does on surface water.
Thus plants are direct source of food for humans.
Water for food, Water for life: A Comprehensive Assessment of Water Management in Agriculture.
Mechanical energy Mechanical energy is the energy possessed by an object because of its movement or position.
The water molecules and food coloring molecules in cold water don’t move as quickly as in hot water.
Energy in the form of heat is almost always one of the products of an energy transformation.
