Mechanical energy can be either kinetic energy (energy of motion) or potential energy (stored energy of position).
The change in phase is defined as the change of one phase into another due to change in temperature.
Water is necessary to carry out chemical changes in living things.
All living things depend on energy from the sun.
Life of Plants Like all living organisms, plants require water, energy and nutrients to maintain their health, grow and reproduce.
Water enters plant cells from the environment via osmosis.
Most other forms of energy are variations of the above.
Water , we got it fixed.
Heat energy can only be kinetic, since it is energy of moving particles.
Sources of energy We use many different sources of energy to provide everything we use in our everyday lives.
Insects are very important to many kinds of plants and even to humans and other animals.
Energy is the stored energy in an object or system because of its position or configuration.
The flowers are the reproductive parts of most plants.
How to Make Plant Food Making plant food is simple and easy to do from simple items found around the house.
The reproductive part of a plant is called the flower.
Humans determine which animal or plant will reproduce and which of the offspring will survive.
In many parts of the world (but not yet in the US) a different unit is now used for food energy.
Changing the density of an object The density of an object can be changed by changing its shape.
Animals need  space to live.
The energy absorption and subsequent change in the temperature of an object may also change the object's form.
Then the concentration in the plant is lower than the water outside of that.
The most prevalent plant species on Earth take up water from soil through a system of roots.
Electrical energy is a kind of kinetic energy.
To survive animals need food, water, and a safe home.
Water as we know it is a liquid.
The kinetic energy of an object is the energy which it possesses due to its motion.
Regardless of the starting form of energy, that energy is used to give electric charges energy of motion which is electrical energy.
Energy changes in falling water Is converted to 26.
energy is a measurement if an object has no ability to do work, it has no energy.
Water existing as a gas is called water vapor, water as a liquid we generally just refer to as water, and water as a solid is called ice.
