 Water can also fall to Earth and become part of the “ground water.”.
Plant which grows partially or completely in water.
Soil and water help a plant grow because when the roots take up the water from the soil,some of it's minerals have dissolved in the water giving the plant nutrients.
A moving object has energy known as kinetic energy.
Present examples of plants that grow in water without soil.
Types of Energy There are other types of energy as well: Mechanical Energy is the energy of motion that does the work.
Ice changing to liquid water.
Chemical energy is being converted into light energy.
Animals breathe in oxygen and use it to extract energy from food.
Animals breathe differently than plants.
The process by which water is changed from vapor to liquid Condensation is the process in which water vapor in the air is changed into liquid water.
Parts of the Plant Before plants can produce seeds they have to be pollinated.
There is water vapor in the air.
Plants make their food and water through photosynthesis for themselves but the most important thing they make is oxygen.
animals cannot survive without plants because plants produce oxygen by the process of photosynthesis which is very vital for animals.
Plants are NOT green.
Living things can change Plants, animals and people are living things   Nonliving things do not grow and change.
Water is extremely important for the plant to be able to make food.
In plants, these energy factories are called chloroplasts.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy from sunlight which a plant uses to make food.
Kinetic energy is the movement energy of an object.
The gaseous form of water is called water vapor.
Other plants have a combination of both.
the ice is still water.
The caterpillar eats plants, and plants directly use the sun's energy to make their own food.
moving Kinetic energy is energy in motion.
However, plants not only provide energy for themselves, but also for some heterotrophs.
Potential energy is energy stored in an object.
Although all moving objects have kinetic energy, not all moving objects have the same amount of kinetic energy.
Potential energy is energy of position.
