Relationships between animals and plants are complicated.
condensation is the process in which water vapor in the air is changed into liquid water.
Transformation in Energy Systems Language Energy transformation or energy conversion is the process of changing one form of energy to another.
When animals eat, they use the chemical energy that was converted from sunlight by plants.
Photosynthesis supplies plants with all of the energy they need to survive.
Some of the water is absorbed by plant roots or drains into the water table.
Water makes a good shelter for many animals.
Not all photoautotrophs are plants.
Sound energy like other energies can be transformed into other forms of energy.
Water is used over and over by nature and is recycled in the water cycle.
Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their own food.
Photosynthesis is the process in which plants make their own food.
Energy can move through air, water, wires, and even our bodies.
Plants make their own food by a process called photosynthesis.
Plants and animals grow and develop throughout their lives All plants and animals need to make new plants or they will become extinct (no longer exist on Earth).
A fire grows and needs air to burn BUT it does not need food or water.
Several consumers may eat the same kind of plant or animal for food.
Many animals rely on plants for shelter as well as oxygen and food.
The amount of water a frog needs to survive is not the same as the amount of water a desert cactus plant needs to survive.
Potential energy is stored energy.
The first producer of energy in any ecosystem is plant life.
kinetic energy and potential energy.
Plants absorb water from the ground up through their roots.
Kinetic energy is the energy a body has because of its motion.
May be used to heat air, or water.
Because without air and water they will die.
plants depend on animals by giving big or small animals shelter and food.
 Down here we call it solar energy.
Kinetic energy is the energy of a moving object in momentum.
Kinetic energy is energy of motion.
