Herbivorous animals get their energy by eating these plants and carnivorous animals get their energy by eating these animals and the food chain continues.
Mechanical energy to Heat energy.
Direct water toward the base of your plants rather than watering from overhead.
The water makes its way back into the xylem and can be used again in the plant.
There are two types of plants……… plants with seeds and plants without seeds.
Plants get their nutrients from the air, water and soil.
food and water for nourishment.
Energy transformation is the process of changing energy from one form to another.
Therefore plants also provide shelter to animals.
People put energy into acquiring food for energy.
Sunlight energy also sustains plant and animal life.
All living things need food and water to survive.
Humidity is NOT a source of water for your plant.
Plant roots must seek out water.
The plants help feed the animal.
Loss of water vapor from plants.
Eating food gives us the energy we need to live.
Animals get energy by processing complex foods.
Even if the animal did not depend on these things, it would still need to eat other animals or plants and plants need non-living things to survive.
Energy transformation Energy transformation or energy conversion is the process of changing one form of energy to another.
Animals eat to get food, but green plants make their own food.
Plants as food source indirectly transfer the energy to animals.
As the water get in, it will go the upper part of the roots and then to every part of the plant.
As the forms of water change, water moves from the sky to the earth and back to the sky again.
Plants help animals because they are animals source of nutrition.
Without enough water in the cells, the plants droop, so water helps a plant stand.
Plants manufacture more food than they need, which is then stored in the parts of the plant.
Plant a lot of seeds together because you thin out the plants as they grow.
If the plant had no roots then it could not absorb water and nutrients to keep the plant alive.
Animals and Plants mainly need water and food (nutrients) to survive.
