How desert plants and animals are classified.
plants are there for animals to eat so they can survive e.g. cows and other plant eaters.
The animal is a consumer because it eats other organism, such as plants.
Mechanical energy is converted into light energy.
Water is practically everywhere on Earth.
The fruit of a plant contain the seeds of a plant.
Condensation is the change of water from its gaseous form (water vapor) into liquid water.
Or gets energy from the ground and the humans around it giving off energy or heat.
Energy to Potential Energy: Relationship in Different Energy Types Energy is what moves cars down the road Energy gets things done.
Storage in the Atmosphere The atmosphere is full of water The water cycle is all about storing water and moving water on, in, and above the Earth.
Plants need energy and Vitamin C from the sun so they can grow, causing the food to grow with the plant.
Plants make part of soil.
Plants and animals have features that help them live in different environments.
Organism: any living thing, including plants and animals.
every living thing needs oxygen except for plants.
Light is a form of energy.
Green plants make their food by taking sunlight and using the energy to make sugar.
Leaves are the food factories of the plant.
Humans evolved eating both animals and plants.
a part of this energy reaches to earth.
The two main types of energy are: Kinetic Energy Potential Energy Kinetic Energy Kinetic Energy is energy that is in motion.
Most of the water on Earth is saline.
There are as many forms of energy as the number of energy transformations.
No energy is being converted.
Animals have to eat other living things (animals, plants, fungi, etc.) to get energy to live.
A life cycle also describes how one generation of a plant or animal reproduces to make new plants or animals that will make many more generations.
Plants are producers because they make their own food.).
The liquid water becomes water vapor, which is a gas.
Animals get their energy from the large molecules that they eat as food.
Very little water.
