Plants filter the air in order for human beings and animals to survive.
The radiant energy is now stored in the glucose molecule as chemical energy and is available to the plant for its growth and to animals when they eat plants.
Some different types of Energy.
Electrical energy and gravitational potential energy are two examples of stored energy.
There are two types of mechanical energy: potential energy and kinetic energy.
The root also is the part of the plant by which water and nutrients are absorbed from soil… - without these, the plant would die.
The adaptation of animals are the features an animal has to live in their environment.
Mechanical energy is the sum of kinetic energy and potential energy.
Water vapor and respiration or breathing Water vapor is a by-product of respiration in plants and animals.
All organisms need energy and matter to live and grow.
The water has changed from liquid water to solid ice through the process of freezing.
Water keeps moving and changing from a solid to a liquid to a gas, over and over again.
Kinetic energy and potential energy are often considered to be forms of mechanical energy.
Examples of these are: light energy, heat energy, mechanical energy, gravitational energy, electrical energy, sound energy, chemical energy, nuclear or atomic energy and so on.
Wildlife includes all non-domesticated plants, animals and other organisms.
The use of solid material to grow plants.
  Chloroplasts are found only in plant cells not animal cells.
Precipitation is water that falls to the earth.
The plants are at the base of the food chain.
Energy is measured in many ways.
Energy - is a combination of heat and light energy.
Sun is the Source of Energy on Earth for Living Things The sun is the source of almost all energy on Earth.
Photosynthesis is the process by which plants and various organisms convert energy from the sun into chemical energy, which will be used by the organisms as food to survive.
Plants need the components of water to survive–hydrogen and oxygen–and use water in many ways.
Evaporation and condensation When some water molecules in liquid water take on energy, they can break away from the other water molecules that make up the liquid and become water vapor.
Colors of Fall Leaves Plants make their own food.
Many first-time gardeners or potted plant owners water plants more than necessary, believing that the more water the plant gets, the better.
Air plants need some moisture.
The water must be replaced from available water in the soil.
Many living things move on their own although some,like plants, do not.
