The total mechanical energy of an object is the sum of its kinetic energy and potential energy.
Animals also use the forest as shelter.
One of the most important jobs of the stem is carrying water and nutrients from the plant's roots to leaves and other parts of a plant.
The root is one of the first parts of a plant that starts to grow.
The sun Solar energy is the primary source of energy on earth.
When water flows or falls, energy can be generated.
A method of growing a plant in water containing dilute nutrients.
By pulling water into themselves, plants also take in the dissolved nutrients from the soil.
therefore, almost every part of the plant is involved in photosynthesis.
The heat exchange occurs whenever water changes state even when there is no change in temperature.
Plants are able to sense seasonal changes.
Many plants and fungi perform photosynthesis, which means that they make their own food and energy.
The earth has had the same amount of water for millions of years.
Humans and animals eat a variety of foods filled with nutrients.
There are six forms of energy: Mechanical Mechanical energy puts something in motion.
Any plant that grows upon another.
Thermal or Heat Energy Energy associated with the heat of an object.
The plant will eventually grow leaves.
 The most obvious and direct way is when water falls into water.
Kinetic energy is energy of an object due to its movement - its motion.
water is stored on the surface of the earth, and water stored in the ground.
Some animals and plants are alike in the way they look and in the things they do, and others are very different from one another.
The water cycle is driven primarily by the energy from the sun.
For plants to perform photosynthesis they require light energy from the sun, water and carbon dioxide.
The carbon dioxide created by animals is then available for plants to use in photosynthesis.
Now plants obtain light energy from the sun to perform photosynthesis and prepare food.
Humans consume a remarkable variety of plants and plant parts.
During photosynthesis, carbon and water are used to synthesize food.
Animals store chemical energy similarly.
Because plants lose water through openings in the leaves called stomata, they must regain water.
