Water is also a living environment for many plants and animals Air: Air is made up of several gases, but the two most important gases are Oxygen and Carbon dioxide.
Energy changes form, but the total amount of energy in the universe stays the same.
kinetic energy Energy associated with motion.
During energy transformation the total amount of energy remains the same.
Just like animals, plants need to breakdown carbohydrates into energy.
To make food plants need: carbon dioxide water sunlight Let’s take a look at how these are collected by plants.
Animals live in habitats or environments.
Cells take in food and oxygen and turn them into something called energy.
A primary consumer is an animal that gets all its energy from vegetation.
Kinetic energy is energy associated with motion.
Kinetic energy is energy associated with motion.
Some water is absorbed by plants and returned to the atmosphere as vapor.
Kinetic energy is known as the energy in motion.
Nothing will happen until that waitingpotential energy gets changed into another form of energy.
All plant cells need light to survive, but not to remain a plant cell.
Habitats provide the environment in which animals and plants can thrive.
and well when animals die they create something that goes into the earth, which actually helps the plants grow.
Plants have nutrients that help the soil.
Plants will take in oxygen at night.
When an animal dies it provides nutrients for the plants to feed off of.
While kinetic energy is energy a body possesses because it is in motion.
The other is based on falling water.
Some species of beetle can live in water.
After consuming plants, many animals then become sources of food for other organisms higher on the food chain.
Nuclear energy is also the source of the sun’s energy.
So when energy is transferred from the water to the spoon, the spoon gets warmer and the water gets cooler.
Roots in the ground pull the water up into the plant to keep it healthy.
Things obtain and use energy Autotrophs : organisms that can make their own food.
Forms of Kinetic Energy MOTION A moving object has kinetic energy.
When leaves at the top of the plant lose water through transpiration, water is pulled up through the vascular system, where it is delivered to the cells throughout the plant.
