Once energy is added to water by heat from the sun, the bonds between the water molecules gain kinetic energy, or energy in motion.
A(life cycle) describes how reproduction takes place and shows the way in which a plant or animal changes as it grows.
Energy is summed up into two different properties: Potential energy and Kinetic energy.
Water and Energy Cycle web site.
The plants sit on the bricks where they can draw up the water.
Most of the plants reproduce by producing seeds to grow more plants so that their species may continue to live on this earth.
Animals are the only living things to have conquered the air.
As the landscape changes, some plants and animals are simply unable to survive.
Offspring: the young of an animal, or plant.
Forms of energy Energy comes in different forms from many sources.
The top of the pool of water in this hole is the water table.
Flowers are the reproductive part of a plant.
Many plants can be produced from a few cells.
A plant's food is created in its leaves using a process called photosynthesis.
When the environment changes, some plants and animals survive and reproduce and others die or move to new locations.
The sun is the ultimate energy source for all green and living plants.
Plants use the sun's energy to perform electrolysis and break down water into hydrogen and oxygen.
 A backyard is an environment where animals can live.
Light is a kind of energy that moves from the sun to the Earth.
Internal energy is the sum of the potential energy of a system, and the kinetic energy of the system.
Water temperature is taken almost every time water is sampled and investigated, no matter where water is being studied.
Aquatic plants and algae Many species of plants have special adaptations for living submerged in water or at the water’s surface.
Bacteria, fungi and humans are living things not plant or animal.
The energy associated with motion is called kinetic energy.
use graduated cylinders to measure the amount of water used in a controlled plant experiment).
Animals grow in size or change into different forms as they develop.
The total change of energy in any system is always equal to the total energy transferred into or out of the system.
The types of light energy available include visible light energy, infrared light energy, ultraviolet energy, electromagnetic energy and X-ray energy.
Plants need room to grow.
Plants use the Sun's energy to turn Carbon Dioxide and water into useful sugars.
