A plant leaf takes in sunlight while it's roots take in water.
Plants use this carbon chemical to grow.
, because plants are able to capture light energy from the sun and change it into food through a process called photosynthesis.
The carbon dioxide is used by the plants and the plants release more oxygen.
The stem carries water to the leaves of the plant Also gets the plant up off the ground so it can get sunlight, helps it compete with other plants.
The pollen of some plants is very light.
Leaves use sunlight to make and store more food for the plant to use as it keeps growing.
example of potential energy is water tank.
   Two chemical changes are being shown.
In the leaves of many succulent plants water can be stored.
All plant DNA is more closely related to any other plant DNA than it is to any animal species.
Each animal has something that the other needs, and they help each other survive.
One example of our use of solar heat energy is for water heating systems.
There is nothing to transfer the energy from the sun to the earth.
Change of ice to water and then to steam.
Plants require water both to make nutrients and to move nutrients through their body from the soil.
On earth, the most important substance is water (liquid water into water vapor).
All plants need sunlight.
The energy from the Sun, also called solar energy, is an example of this form of energy conversion.
Water on Earth's surface will evaporate into the atmosphere as energy is absorbed by liquid water.
Energy converter is an example of an energy transformation.
Water in the ground is part of the water cycle Large amounts of water are stored in the ground.
CHEMICAL energy converts to heat energy.
Plant stems hold the plant upright an carry nutrients from one part of the plant to the other.
Last , the cactus plant, like other plants uses sunlight to make its food.
However, a plant’s food looks nothing like our food.
Pressurized water is used in water blasting and water jet cutters.
Other than the ocean, water is found in the ground as part of the water cycle.
Through the Plant As water moves up through the plant system through the stems and to the leaves, eventually the leaves release water through pores on the bottom of the leaves.
Chemical energy is being converted into mechanical energy.
