All animals require at least three things to survive: food,water, and shelter.
The root is the part of vascular plants that absorbs nutrients and water.
A process by which a plant produces its food using energy from sunlight, carbon dioxide from the air,and water and nutrients from the soil.
Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant.
The oxygen in the carbon dioxide and water gets pumped out of the plant.
The shape of the object has changed.
Temperature is a measure of how much heat energy an object has.
Survival of the fittest applies to both plants and animals.
Water is the primary means by which plants take up nutrients from the soil.
Other growers give their plants as little water as possible after the middle of the plant's life.
Living things need energy for function.
The former group of plants are called long day plants while the latter ones are termed short day plants.
Heat is a form of energy.
Some plants use thorns to protect themselves from being eaten by larger animals.
Potential energy is the energy of a body due to its position or shape.
Making a Living: Plants capture sun energy using photosynthesis, and package it as food.
Plants need nutrients in order to grow.
kinetic energy is energy that is already moving the law of conservation of energy allows us to equate potential energy with kinetic energy.
The starch and sugar are stored by the plant then used by us when we eat plants.
The energy stored in plants is classified as potential energy because they convert light energy into chemical potential energy stored in glucose.
It gives us energy for everything that we do.
Exchange is a system of Giving and Receiving Plants give oxygen to animals (including you), and animals give carbon dioxide to plants.
Some animals spend their whole life cycle in the water such as water snails and leeches.
Kinetic energy is the energy due to the movement or speed of an object.
Moving water can only change the surface of the earth over long time periods.
Students should know that water can change as a result of temperature change.
Then leaves form on the plant stem and the plant is now a seedling.
Kinetic energy of an object is the energy it contains due to movement.
Energy flows through all living things and the environment.
Methods for nutrient intake are different for plants and animals.
