Light energy is converted into sound energy.
A toaster changes electrical energy into heat and light energy.
Making energy from the ultimate energy source Photosynthesis is the process by which plants convert energy from the sun.
For example, water changing to ice is a physical change.
Plants and some micro-organisms are producers--they make their own food.
During any energy conversion, the amount of energy input is the same as the energy output.
All living things require and use energy.
Some nutrients are essential to plant life, but plants don’t need very much of them.
Animals eat the carbon in plants and it is again breathed out.
Energy from the sun drives the water cycle.
Humans use plants for fuel.
So oxygen is created in plants and used up by animals, as is shown in the picture above.
Using sunlight energy to make food is called photosynthesis.
Humans and other animals rely on the stems of plants as well.
All living things obtain and use energy.
For example, energy of food could be transformed in energy to play.
Students will make connections between how we get energy and how plants get their energy and how it all contributes to the food chain.
Plants can absorb water through stomata under their leaves.
Plants use energy from the sun together with nutrients from the ground, water, and some gasses from the atmosphere to grow.
A condition when the roots of plants are in standing water.
During the game, you will identify the states of water and when water changes states as it moves through the water cycle.
 Leaves:These are the parts of the plant where food is made by  photosynthesis.
Chemical energy can be transformed into other forms of energy.
The egg masses can be at the water surface and under water.
Animals release the carbon dioxide that is used by plants.
plants make their own food by using light and carbon dioxide.
Chemical energy is being converted into more chemical energy.
Plants and animals survive after a botanist in a few ways.
unlike plants who use photosynthesis to make their own food.
The only way water can enter a plant is through it roots.
