Animals need a place to live as we do.
Aquatic plants can only grow in water or in soil that is permanently saturated with water.
Photosynthesis is the process by which plants produce the energy they need to survive and grow.
Transpiration is a plant losing water through its leaves.
For for nutrients required by plants, see Plant nutrition.
The energy of motion.
Energy moves by waves.
Leaves:Leaves make all the food for the plant.
Water vapour condenses to liquid water.
Omnivores can live in many places because they eat both plants and animals.
Every living thing needs energy in order to live.
Energy exists in many forms, and when these forms change energy is conserved.
Liquid to Gas: When water changes from liquid water to water vapor (has) it goes through the process of evaporation.
Energy changes form at each step in the food chain.
Plants, animals, and humans all need shelter to survive.
some may react very well to being planted, while some might not grow at all.
As the grasshopper eats the plant and the other animals eat one another, energy is passed along the food chain.
Some plants have also found unique ways to live with little or no water.
Roots also store food for the plant.
A simple example of potential energy is the gravitational energy of some water at a height above the Earth.
Vitamins also help your body use energy from the food you eat.
Electrical generating plants do not create energy.
Light is used as energy for making food, a process called photosynthesis.
Land organisms get oxygen from the air whereas water organisms get oxygen from water.
Vascular plants have cellular structures that provide for the movement of water and food throughout the plant.
Plants are producers they get energy from the sun and animals eat it and becomes body heat of course.
When one plant was watered from the outside through plastic tubes, the other plant reacted.
Plants normally absorb water through their roots.
Some organisms make their own food.
The water particles gain energy and break free of the water.
