Most of the available water is used in transpiration to pull nutrients into the plant.
Storing sugar is the way a plant creates energy and food.
In addition, the roots of some plants store food for the rest of the plant to use.
, chemical energy is a form of potential energy.
Most animals heal very well.
Energy stored in food you eat is chemical potential energy.
Archaea, and Bacteria are all other living things not plants and animals.
There are two kinds of mechanical energy, namely kinetic energy and potential energy.
Potential energy is called stored energy because it with build and hold in many types of energy an then it with use is all.
Plants store chemical energy by growing larger bodies.
Many different types of energy can be converted into heat energy.
All animals need to take in water, use it, and get rid of the excess—animals have their own mini-water cycle going all the time.
Water is the most common liquid on Earth.
precipitation Water falling to the Earth.
Water moves up the plant through xylem, which is a specialized tissue inside the plant.
Nutrients are moved inside a plant to where they are most needed.
Plants need air in order to survive.
Energy is not stored in body.
The structures within the leaf convert the energy and make it possible for the plant to get food.
Food energy is the amount of energy obtained from food that is available through cellular respiration.
Plants do not get food from the soil (even though fertilizer is mistakenly called “plant food”).
Watering in the morning gives plants time to dry during the day.
Plants absorb water from water thru leaves and roots but need photosynthesis and good soil too live.
Light energy is radiant energy, also known as electromagnetic energy.
The energy transformation in a toaster is electrical energy to thermal energy.
Animals need oxygen, water, and space to live in and protection from animals that might eat them.
Many plants lose much of the remaining energy on growing roots.
Plants need air, water, space to grow, and energy from the sun to make sugars.
Plants use the sun's energy to grow through a process known as photosynthesis.
Humans get the energy and matter they need to survive from the food they eat.
