Plants also convert sunlight into other forms of energy.
Green plants make food through a process called photosynthesis, using the energy from the sun.
To make matter change, energy is needed.
The sun's energy is collected and processed by plants through photosynthesis and converted into food for animals.
The food supply will nourish the growing plant until it can make food on its own.
Photosynthesis uses water to produce energy for the plant that can be used or stored up for the winter or drought….
The functional work (energy transformations) of plants and animals.
Mechanical energy is the sum of two forms of energy: kinetic energy and potential energy.
Plants and animals are both multicellular eukaryotes.
Some examples of energy changes making things happen.
The water comes out of the air.
Plants take up water and minerals from soil, but not “food.”.
Watering the plants in the evening can cause the plants to get fungal disease.
Plant absorb light by using it leaf and absorb water by using it roots.
The leaves then change colors and fall off the plant.
The light bulb changes the electrical energy into light and heat energy.
the chloroplast in the plant cell is the part that makes the plant have photosynthesis.
Plants are primary producers of energy from the sun.
All organisms grow and change.
Energy can be transformed into another sort of energy.
Energy is not merely passed on from the Sun to plants.
A change  in color is not always a chemical change.
Law of Conservation of Energy: Energy can only change from one form to another.
Prairie plants roots, like all plant roots, move water and nutrients from the soil into the plant.
Stored energy is called Potential Energy<br>Stored energy is called Potential energy.
Plants do need oxygen to survive.
Living things do grow and change.
Even a plant species, which makes its own food, cannot survive alone.
The energy of rushing water used to turn a turbine or a water wheel.
Before potential energy can be used it is transferred into kinetic energy.
