In short plants release oxygen , that animals will take in and animals excrete carbon dioxide for the plants to produce their own food through photosynthesis .
Water vapor Water vapor or aqueous vapor is the gas phase of water.
Nonliving things do not need food, air, and water.
All animals live in habitats.
Plants can range from green plants to wood plants and have different types of functions.
In animals and in plants it is usually called sexual reproduction.
Because animals cannot produce energy directly from the sun, they must eat plants or other animals that eat plants, and acquire energy, either directly or indirectly, from glucose.
The food stored the Sun’s energy and then released it into your body in the form of chemical energy.
Plants need water to survive because they absorb dissolved nutrients from the soil.
The process where plants make their own food is known as photosynthesis.
b) herbivorous animals eat plants in order to obtain that food energy.
Energy transfer is the conveyance of energy from one item to another.
Green plants use photosynthesis to create energy from water, carbon dioxide and sunlight.
Then after a day of not using the water heater there is only luke warm water.
Examples include the intake of water by plants, humans, and other animals and the incorporation of water into the products of industrial or food processing.
Like any other green plant, they get their energy from sunlight.
Water is found in many different forms and in many different places.
Shows how animals and plants are linked 3.
Most plants' food is made in their leaves.
Drops of water in the ocean evaporate, which is the process of liquid water becoming water vapor.
The light from your computer monitor is energy.
Under water stress many of the leaves may die and fall from the plant.
The energy associated with position is called potential energy.
Plants and animals increase in number by the process of reproduction.
Energy is also transferred from potential energy () to kinetic energy () and then back to potential energy constantly.
Kinetic energy.
Other than being dispersed by animals eating their fruits, plants also disperse seeds using wind, water, or animals in other ways.
Energy has always existed in one form or another.
Energy can be converted from one form to another.
Only after an animal eats the plant is the potential energy from the sunlight released as kinetic energy for movement and growth.
