the physical properties of the water have changed.
The water cycle.
Living organisms need water to survive.
An object can have potential energy and no kinetic energy.
Water at the top of the dam has potential energy.
Potential energy is the same as stored energy.
Condensation is the process by which water vapor is changed back into liquid water.
Plant cells can use photosynthesis, in which it uses its chloroplasts (animal cells do not have chloroplasts) to change the energy from the sun into energy it can use.
The process of liquid water changing into water vapor is called evaporation.
From there the energy goes to organisms that eat the plants, called consumers.
All living things have to have food for fuel and energy.
LIGHT ENERGY IS CONVERTED TO CHEMICAL ENERGY AND IS STORED IN THE FOOD MADE BY GREEN PLANTS.
Herbivores are animals that eat plants, while carnivores are animals that eat other animals.
Mechanical energy is generally the kinetic energy of a system e.g. the energy it has when something moves.
The seeds and fruits of plants which grow in water or near it are dispersed by water.
Surface water is evaporated from the earth by the energy of the sun.
Many living organisms must eat other living things to survive, such as plants and animals.
Plants compete with other plants for space, water, light and nutrients.
Plants use chlorophyll to capture energy from the sun, then they use that energy to make food in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants use solar energy through the process of photosynthesis.
water vapor Water in the form of a gas.
Energy from the sun causes water to evaporate from the land and from bodies of water.
Moving water and wind are examples of kinetic energy.
Not all moving objects have the same amount of kinetic energy.
The water came back on.
Kinetic energy is energy or an object already in motion.
When water changes form, it does not change its chemical properties.
Animals must have oxygen to live.
Chemical energy creates change by being the basis of metabolism in plant and animal life.
Kinetic energy is the energy in the movement.
