The energy from the Sun is an example of this form of energy conversion.
The chlorophyll in a plant's leaves allows the plant to convert the sunlight into chemical energy the plant can use.
Plants can make their own food through a process called Photosynthesis, which is the conversion of light into food for plants.
Even if an animal lives in like a desert it still need water to survive.
The air is constantly full of water.
Plants are called 'producers' because they are able to use this energy to produce food from carbon dioxide and water.
The phase changes of water The changes from a liquid to a solid or to a gas are called phase changes.
Plants give off oxygen and take in carbon dioxide given off by animals.
Some animals use plants for: FOOD OXYGEN 7.
The process by which water vapor changes to liquid water is called A. melting.
The seeds of water plants are able to float.
The plants are living and therefore there is no need to replace them.
Water has many functions in our body.
As a plant, you have roots to help you absorb water.
Many amphibians also live in water.
A television changes electrical energy into light and sound energy.
Herbivores feed only on plants, carnivores on other animals and omnivores on both plants and animals.
Animals get food by trees - also part of the environment.
(Potential energy is another name for this stored energy.
During transpiration, the plant loses water.
Plants receive carbon dioxide from animals, and animals receive oxygen from plants.
Kinetic energy is the energy in moving objects or mass. Wind energy is an example.
All organisms need food for the energy required to live and grow.
Some carnivores live in the water.
Because animals eat plants, animals have minerals in their systems, too, but very small amounts.
A primary difference between plants and animals is the plant’s ability to manufacture its own food.
Most chemical changes in living things need water to take place.
Since a plant cannot survive without food, photosynthesis becomes a crucial process for plants.
Water can evaporate from plants, animals, puddles, and the ground in addition to bodies of water.
Sound energy is a form of mechanical energy.
