etc. by giving out the energy which it received.
Other organisms cannot make their own food.
Living things mean different types of plants and animals.
Some eat plants and some eat other animals, but every animal eats some kind of organism.
The visible bodies of water are referred to as surface water.
The release of water vapor from plants and soil into the air.
The function of leaves is to help the plant produce food by converting the energy in sunlight into chemical energy that the plant can eat.
Leaves are important to plants because they provide nourishment or food for the plants.
For anything to happen there always has to be an energy conversion or change.
Diagram of Oxygen Carbon Cycle Animals use O2 and food (often plants or animals that eat plants) for energy and growth.
When potential energy and kinetic energy are combined it is called mechanical energy.
Photosynthesis is a process by which plants use light from the sun to make food.
All plants and animals need energy of some kind so that the organism can grow, reproduce, move, and sense changes to the environment.
Kinds of Waves Energy moves through air, water and also our bodies.
 Food  All living things need food (for energy) to grow and reproduce.
Several other methods use capillary action to get water to your plant as it needs it.
Plants and animals have adapted to changes in the environment for millions of years.
Electromagnetic energy is the same as radiation or light energy.
Plants and animals have features that help them survive in different environments.
Prey = animals that get eaten by other animals.
Even well watered plants may wilt if the plant cannot adapt it transpiration rate.
Tidal energy is green energy.
All animals reproduce.
The gravitational potential energy of the water is converting to kinetic energy.
So chlorophyll is necessary for providing energy to the plant.
Water is also inside most living organisms.
In water waves, energy is transferred through the vibration of the water particles.
The fruit is often eaten by some animal and the seeds then get moved around by the animal to start a new plant.
Interactions of Energy and Matter: All energy can be considered to be either kinetic energy, which is the energy of motion.
Plants are used as sources of food and goods for humans.
