Respiration, as previously described, is the release of energy from food and occurs in both animals and plants.
So there was no chemical change only a physical change.
Plants package the sunlight energy into food we call carbohydrates.
Both heat and light energy are constantly used While a single light bulb does not use much energy Light Energy : Anything that is luminous gives off light energy.
Chemical energy is converted into mechanical energy.
Plants obtain their energy directly from the sun.
The water taken in by the roots contain precious minerals which are used by the plant to make food.
Energy in the form of motion is potential energy.
Here are the five changes of phase.
The plants are eaten by various types of animals.
When an object is moving, it has kinetic energy.
Of course, many animals are a source of food for other animals, too.
The cycle continues when animals eat the plants.
An example of Some of the Energy Changes that have to happen in order for a .
The water lily disperses its seeds in the water.
Things grow and change Nonliving Things do not grow and change do not reproduce need air need need food do not need do not need water do not need Look around your environment.
The energy of position, or stored energy.
Plants are one of the five kingdoms of living things.
Plants are autotrophs, meaning they produce their own food using energy from the sun.
Plants also need sunlight to grow.
Transpiration also creates water demand in plants.
Without a digestive system all the food and water in your body would build up.
The more massive an object is, the more energy it has, and the faster an object is moving, the more energy it has.
Sunlight to Food (How do plants do this?).
Potential energy can become kinetic and kinetic energy can become potential energy.
Animals that eat both animals AND plants.
Types of Energy Energy is encountered in many different forms.
Water vapor is a gaseous form of liquid water.
Animals must eat their food because they might die.
The water molecule brings heat energy with it.
