 Energy changes and transformations make things happen.
Solar cells change radiant energy into electrical energy.
Food contains energy stored as chemical potential energy.
There are also different light sources that can be used in the growth of plants.
Energy is re-packaged as it transfers along a food chain.
Change in Temperature A change in temperature is characteristic of a chemical change.
 Different kinds of animals can live together in the same environment.
When water falls downwards the potential energy changes into kinetic energy The kinetic energy in the moving water spins the generators and that’ll produce electrical energy 27.
Seeds grow into new plants.
Animals and plants both need air in order to stay alive.
Plants and animals need food, water, air, space,shelter and sunlight.
Animals living in solitary do not have to share food with each other.
Earth moves around it.
during a phase change.
Energy produces light.
Some plants provide housing for animals that prey on herbivores that may eat the plant.
However, DURING the phase change, the temperature stays the same even though the heat energy changes.
Kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy.
Flowers are the reproductive part of most plants.
A main challenge of plant evolution was for plants to develop ways to survive out of water.
Energy is measured in the amount of work it does.
The body of water where fresh water from a river mixes with salt water is called an estuary.
There is hope by separating the roots the plants will survive when planted.
The plant spends the energy from the seed trying to find light so it can survive.
The phloem takes water and nutrients up the stem for the rest of the plant.
A plant or animal can die anywhere in its life cycle - at birth, as a young or old plant or animal.
Fossil fuels are made up of plant and animal matter.
For example, deciduous plants may require more water in summer, but survive on much less water in winter.
Photosynthesis is the primary way in which plants create energy for themselves.
Carnivore animals are animals that would normally hunt other animals for food in the wild.
