Water evaporates to turn into water vapor.
Changes in phase are also physical changes.
The sun does not absorb water.
All animals must ingest other organisms (such as plants or animals) to obtain the carbon they need to live.
Sometimes, the plants make use of animals to carry their seeds without giving them any reward.
Because plants are the only sizeable living organisms that can obtain and create their own energy.
Evaporation is the change of water from a liquid to a gas.
When water returns, the plants revitalize and swell to receive the water from the air.
Cells get energy in the form of food molecules if they are animal cells or sunlight if they are plant cells.
The plant then changes the sun's energy into sugars, which feed the plant and fuel its ability to grow.
Mechanical energy can also be transformed into different forms of energy.
The root is a very important part of the plant because the plant needs water, nutrients, and minerals and the root takes in all these things.
Because sugar is what plants make using photosynthesis.
Sun- all plants need it or The sun is the source of Earth's energy.
Herbivores can live only where plant food is available.
Whether solid, liquid or gas ‐ water is still water.
The yellow ones all have one watermelon in each plant while the red ones have one on two of the plants.
Animals in winter.
Two common forms of energy are kinetic energy, which describes the energy in moving particles or objects, and potential energy, which describes the energy stored in objects at rest.
All plants and animals on earth engage in a process called respiration.
Having to Drink Many desert animals have become so good at water retention that they get all the water they need from their food and never have to drink.
The work done on an object by external forces changes the amount of energy the object has.
An organism needs water to live because water is one of the main components that cells need to live.
Heat is the form of an energy.
Thus aquatic plants can live in water because sunlight can reach them.
respiration is another process which is carried out by all living organisms animals or plants.
Living space is needed to grow the food which animals eat.
Plants rely on animals and wind and water to help scatter their seeds.
The change in velocity means that there is a change in the kinetic energy of the object.
Animals in turn get their energy either from eating plants (herbivores) or other animals (carnivores).
