Potential energy is the energy that an object has when it is at rest.
Plants cannot move around like animals, but they still show movements.
Energy is any type of stored energy.
Water vapor is different from liquid water because water vapor is a gas, and liquid water is a liquid.
nuclear plants as electrical energy.
Animals need food to eat.
Burning changes the chemical energy of the wood to heat energy and light energy.
Another name for stored energy is potential energy.
Kinetic energy is the energy that an object has when it is in motion.
There are many different forms of energy, any of which can be changed into other forms.
Photosynthesis is the process plants use to make food.
Plants and vegetable make their own food and energy through a process called photosynthesis.
Energy is the energy that is associated with the motion of objects.
The first kind of energy is called kinetic energy.
energy transformation is the process of changing any kind of energy into another.
All energy can be in one of two states:  potential energy or kinetic energy.
Energy is transformed when it takes on a different form of energy.
Some depend on others for food and energy, whiles others can produce their own food.
The sugar is what the plants use as food.
So for water to change state, you need to change the amount of energy in the sample by changing the amount of heat or pressure.
When the water starts to move, the potential energy becomes kinetic energy.
Kinetic energy is the energy an object has because of its motion.
GREEN PLANTS USE ENERGY FROM LIGHT TO COMBINE CARBON DIOXIDE AND WATER TO MAKE FOOD.
(food for them) And animals eat meat or plants and digest it to get energy.
Indoor plants should have less variation in watering needs.
Other uses include watering plants and food for crops, cooling and heating water as a form of power, using water to clean, and using mass amounts of water to create energy.
Acoustic energy is the same as the sound energy.
Energy and Herbivores Herbivores are the animals at the bottom of the animal food chain.
The amount of light for plants however, varies from one plant species to another.
Kinetic energy is within something that is moving.
