Query: carbon dioxide
Search Results Found = 36

Sunlight is energy, and plants use this energy to turn water and carbon dioxide into plant food.
Plants make food with water and carbon dioxide, but the energy used to make the food comes from the energy of the sun.
Energy: “I am energy and when the sunlight, water and carbon dioxide enter the plant they become energy help the plant grow.”.
Through photosynthesis, plants use the energy of light to put a meal together using water and carbon dioxide.
Plants are called 'producers' because they are able to use this energy to produce food from carbon dioxide and water.
Plants give off oxygen and take in carbon dioxide given off by animals.
Plants receive carbon dioxide from animals, and animals receive oxygen from plants.
Animals release the carbon dioxide that is used by plants.
plants make their own food by using light and carbon dioxide.
Water drawn from the root and carbon dioxide taken from the air make most of the food that plants use to grow.
Students will explain that plants make their own food using carbon dioxide, water, and energy from the Sun.
The carbon dioxide is used by the plants and the plants release more oxygen.
Animals give off carbon dioxide which plants need to make food and take in oxygen which they need to breathe.
Chlorophyll can make food the plant can use from carbon dioxide, water, nutrients, and energy from sunlight.
Then carbon dioxide is given off by the decomposed animals and plants.
The plant uses water to break down carbon dioxide molecules before they can be reassembled into the sugar substance the plant uses as stored energy.
In the chloroplasts, energy from sunlight is used to convert water and carbon dioxide into glucose or food for plants.
Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their own food using carbon dioxide, water and sunlight.
A process by which a plant produces its food using energy from sunlight, carbon dioxide from the air,and water and nutrients from the soil.
The oxygen in the carbon dioxide and water gets pumped out of the plant.
Exchange is a system of Giving and Receiving Plants give oxygen to animals (including you), and animals give carbon dioxide to plants.
Plants need food and water , and they breathe carbon dioxide, and give out oxygen.
The chloroplasts in a plant cell make glucose from carbon dioxide and water using the energy of sunlight.
Plants use energy from sunlight to convert the carbon dioxide into food or materials to grow.
In short plants release oxygen , that animals will take in and animals excrete carbon dioxide for the plants to produce their own food through photosynthesis .
Green plants use photosynthesis to create energy from water, carbon dioxide and sunlight.
Plants get carbon dioxide from the air around them.
When muscles need to get energy from glucose they do this by changing the glucose into other chemicals such as water and carbon dioxide which releases the energy.
HOWEVER, plants also take in carbon dioxide and use it combined with light energy in photosynthesis.
Along with carbon dioxide, plants also need water, which is gathered by the plant's roots, to make food through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants take in carbon dioxide from the air.
Plants use oxygen and give off carbon dioxide.
To make food plants need: carbon dioxide water sunlight Let’s take a look at how these are collected by plants.
Animals depend on plants for carbon dioxide through photosynthesis.
For plants to perform photosynthesis they require light energy from the sun, water and carbon dioxide.
The carbon dioxide created by animals is then available for plants to use in photosynthesis.