Query: photosynthesis
Search Results Found = 65

Plants get their energy from the sun via photosynthesis.
The sun also gives energy to plants with photosynthesis.
Plants use light energy to drive photosynthesis, and animals use light energy to see.
A plant does photosynthesis whenever it can.
Only plants can do photosynthesis.
Plants get their energy to grow through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants get the water needed for photosynthesis from their roots.
Plants get energy from the sun through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants and vegetable make their own food and energy through a process called photosynthesis.
Plant cells can use photosynthesis, in which it uses its chloroplasts (animal cells do not have chloroplasts) to change the energy from the sun into energy it can use.
Plants use chlorophyll to capture energy from the sun, then they use that energy to make food in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants use solar energy through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants make their food and water through photosynthesis for themselves but the most important thing they make is oxygen.
animals cannot survive without plants because plants produce oxygen by the process of photosynthesis which is very vital for animals.
But plants make their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Through the process of photosynthesis plants convert light energy into chemical energy.
Through photosynthesis, plants use the energy of light to put a meal together using water and carbon dioxide.
Plants make their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food by a process called photosynthesis.
The process plants use is called photosynthesis.
Plants fix the energy from the sun by photosynthesis.
Since a plant cannot survive without food, photosynthesis becomes a crucial process for plants.
Using sunlight energy to make food is called photosynthesis.
 Leaves:These are the parts of the plant where food is made by  photosynthesis.
unlike plants who use photosynthesis to make their own food.
Green plants make food through a process called photosynthesis, using the energy from the sun.
The sun's energy is collected and processed by plants through photosynthesis and converted into food for animals.
the chloroplast in the plant cell is the part that makes the plant have photosynthesis.
, because plants are able to capture light energy from the sun and change it into food through a process called photosynthesis.
Light is used as energy for making food, a process called photosynthesis.
Plants create their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Because sugar is what plants make using photosynthesis.
Plants absorb water from water thru leaves and roots but need photosynthesis and good soil too live.
Plants use the sun's energy to grow through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants obtain energy from glucose made during photosynthesis.
Only the green plants make use of photosynthesis.
Most plants produce their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts in the plant absorb the sun’s energy for use in photosynthesis.
Plants create their own energy food, called glucose, through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants use photosynthesis to turn sunlight into chemical energy.
Almost all plants use photosynthesis, even some without chlorophyll.
Making a Living: Plants capture sun energy using photosynthesis, and package it as food.
All green plants use a special process called photosynthesis to make food that they use to grow.
During photosynthesis,plants trap light energy with their leaves.
In short plants release oxygen , that animals will take in and animals excrete carbon dioxide for the plants to produce their own food through photosynthesis .
The process where plants make their own food is known as photosynthesis.
Green plants use photosynthesis to create energy from water, carbon dioxide and sunlight.
A plant's food is created in its leaves using a process called photosynthesis.
Energy from the light is used in photosynthesis to make glucose.
HOWEVER, plants also take in carbon dioxide and use it combined with light energy in photosynthesis.
Water is one of the substances needed for photosynthesis and must be pumped from the roots of the plant.
Plants are unique in that they make most of their food through a process called photosynthesis.
After the photosynthesis happens, then the cells in the plant use cellular respiration to turn this food into energy that the plant can actually use.
The process with which the plants prepare their own food and survive is called photosynthesis.
Plants make food to act as their fuel, using the energy of sunlight and a process called photosynthesis.
Without adequate water, a plant will not be able perform photosynthesis and will not be able to create the energy it needs to survive.
Along with carbon dioxide, plants also need water, which is gathered by the plant's roots, to make food through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants require sunlight to perform photosynthesis, in which the plant produces sugars it uses for energy to grow.
Animals depend on plants for carbon dioxide through photosynthesis.
therefore, almost every part of the plant is involved in photosynthesis.
Many plants and fungi perform photosynthesis, which means that they make their own food and energy.
For plants to perform photosynthesis they require light energy from the sun, water and carbon dioxide.
The carbon dioxide created by animals is then available for plants to use in photosynthesis.
Now plants obtain light energy from the sun to perform photosynthesis and prepare food.
During photosynthesis, carbon and water are used to synthesize food.